The main package of the Java Image I/O API.
javax.imageio.event
A package of the Java Image I/O API dealing with synchronous notification of events during the reading and writing of images.
javax.imageio.metadata
A package of the Java Image I/O API dealing with reading and writing metadata.
javax.imageio.plugins.bmp
Package containing the public classes used by the built-in BMP plug-in.
javax.imageio.plugins.jpeg
Classes supporting the built-in JPEG plug-in.
javax.imageio.spi
A package of the Java Image I/O API containing the plug-in interfaces for readers, writers, transcoders, and streams, and a runtime registry.
javax.imageio.stream
A package of the Java Image I/O API dealing with low-level I/O from files and streams.
javax.jws
javax.jws.soap
javax.lang.model
Classes and hierarchies of packages used to model the Java programming language.
javax.lang.model.element
Interfaces used to model elements of the Java programming language.
javax.lang.model.type
Interfaces used to model Java programming language types.
javax.lang.model.util
Utilities to assist in the processing of program elements and types.
javax.management
Provides the core classes for the Java Management Extensions.
javax.management.loading
Provides the classes which implement advanced dynamic loading.
javax.management.modelmbean
Provides the definition of the ModelMBean classes.
javax.management.monitor
Provides the definition of the monitor classes.
javax.management.openmbean
Provides the open data types and Open MBean descriptor classes.
javax.management.relation
Provides the definition of the Relation Service.
javax.management.remote
Interfaces for remote access to JMX MBean servers.
javax.management.remote.rmi
The RMI connector is a connector for the JMX Remote API that uses RMI to transmit client requests to a remote MBean server.
javax.management.timer
Provides the definition of the Timer MBean.
javax.naming
Provides the classes and interfaces for accessing naming services.
javax.naming.directory
Extends the javax.naming package to provide functionality for accessing directory services.